Good morning, everyone,
and welcome to this
presentation on Visualizing
Information Geographically with Map Kit.
I'd like to start by showing you
some of the things that developers
have done with the Map Kit API.
So we've seen applications
that show local content,
such as restaurants and bars,
to help users find what
they're looking for.
We've also seen new and interesting
ways to visualize information,
such as how light is cast at different
angles depending on where you are
in the world and what time it is.
We've also seen ways to track
jogging information and track
overall fitness of users over time.
And these are just some of the
creative and useful ways to use the
Map Kit framework in your applications.
And all of these applications
were written by developers,
and they all use the same basic
functionality exposed by the Map Kit API.
The ability to pan and zoom
to different areas of the map.
The ability to annotate
specific locations on the map.
The ability to locate
the user on the map.
and the ability to overlay
data on top of the map.
With that, I'd like to move into
the agenda for the day.
So I want to begin by talking
about one of the fundamental
parts of the Map Kit API,
which is the map view.
Then we'll talk about using
annotations to show things on the map
and to personalize your application.
Afterwards, we'll talk about using user
location to provide context to
what the user is looking at.
And then we'll cover the new tracking
modes that have been added in iOS 5.
Then we'll talk about using overlays
to put your own data on top of the map.
And lastly, we'll talk about the
geocoding changes in iOS 5.
So as I mentioned,
one of the fundamental parts of
the Map Kit API is the map view.
This allows you to embed a map
in your application and let
your users explore the world.
And the specific class you'll
be interested in is mkMapView.
MKMapView is a UIView subclass which
you can stick in your view hierarchy.
You can also add it to your nib.
It's very easy to use.
It handles panning and zooming gestures
for you and it loads tiles automatically.
And it's written to
achieve high performance.
Now, I just mentioned that
MKMapView is a UI view.
And one of the nice things about this
is that you can add gesture recognizers
to it to override touch handling.
In the past,
we've seen some people try to
subclass MKMapView in order
to override touch handling,
but using gesture recognizers
is the right way to do this.
MKMapView also lets you show
different types of maps.
There are the regular maps,
which show clear labels to help users
orient themselves and the world.
There are these satellite maps
which are helpful for seeing
landmarks and geographical features.
and there are the hybrid maps
which overlay the labels on
top of the satellite imagery.
Now, once you have a map view
embedded in your application,
you're going to want your application
logic to cooperate with the map view.
And to do that,
you'll need an MKMapView delegate.
Once you have this delegate
object in your application,
the MapView will be able to communicate
certain events to your application.
And one of the most important events
that the MapView can communicate to
your application is what region of the
world the user is currently looking at.
Before I talk about how
the MapView communicates
that to your application,
I'd like to first talk about
how the MapView describes
different areas of the world,
starting with map regions.
So a map region consists
of a center coordinate,
a latitude and longitude,
As well as a span consisting of a
latitudinal and longitudinal delta.
And together this makes
MK coordinate region.
And you can use these regions to
change the position of the map.
So if you set the region property,
you'll be able to change
the map position and scale.
So here we've just zoomed in.
And you should be aware that what
you set on the region property may
not be what the map view actually
uses because it needs to choose an
optimal display for your device.
And as you just saw,
you can animate transitions
between different regions.
Now, there are also cases where you may
want to change the position of the
map without changing the scale.
And to do that,
you can use the center coordinate.
So you can use the center coordinate
to change the position of the
map without changing the scale.
And as you see here,
we can pan across the map.
And once again,
you can animate these transitions.
So you can use the center coordinate
to change the map position
without changing the scale,
and you can use the region property to
change the map position and the scale.
Using the region property
can result in some pitfalls.
I'd like to cover some of those.
So let's imagine we're creating
an application that tracks
flights across the world.
And in particular,
we're going to focus on a flight that
starts in Cameroon and goes to France.
And we've decided that in order
to maintain the same perspective,
we're going to maintain a 30
degree latitudinal delta and a
20 degree longitudinal delta.
So we start up our application
and we begin following our flight.
We start over Cameroon and we head north.
We move over Algeria and the
perspective stays the same,
so everything looks fine.
But then when we move
further north over France,
all of a sudden the map scales out.
So what just happened?
Why did we zoom out?
I thought we fixed a constant
map region as we moved.
So let's take a look at this map
region as we move throughout the world.
So we started over Cameroon and we
had our 30 degree latitudinal delta.
And then we moved north over Algeria with
the same 30 degree latitudinal delta.
But as you see here,
the map region has been stretched a bit.
And then as we move
further north over France,
the region's been stretched to the
point that the map view needs to scale
out in order to show the full region.
Why does this happen?
This happens because the map view
uses the Mercator projection.
The Mercator projection is a standard
method for taking the globe and
projecting that onto a 2D surface.
and one of the intrinsic properties
of the Mercator projection is that
areas that are further from the
equator get distorted and stretched.
So this area on the globe,
which looks like a square,
when projected using
the Mercator projection,
will end up looking like a
rectangle over northern Europe.
So how do we get around these distortions
that the Mercator projection introduces?
And the way that MapKit lets you
do that is by using MKMapPoint.
MKMapPoint is a coordinate in
projected space which lets you
represent any point on the globe.
is linearly proportional
to screen points,
and you can use MKMapPoint for
coordinate to convert from latitudes
and longitudes to map points.
And now that we have these
projected coordinates,
we can form rectangles out of them.
And Map Kit calls these map rects.
So a map rect consists of an origin
as well as a width and a height.
And together this makes MKMapRect.
And the advantage of using
MapRacks is that no matter
where you put them in the world,
they don't change size.
So here we have our
map rect over Cameroon,
and when we move it over Algeria,
it maintains the same size.
And when we move it over France,
it again maintains the same size.
So it's not subject to the distortions.
So if we rewrote our flight
tracking application using MapRex,
Then we'd be able to follow our flight,
maintaining the same
perspective throughout.
So how do you change the position
of the map using MapRects?
Well, there is a visible MapRect
property that you can set.
And this will be able to change
the map position and scale.
And once again,
what you set on the Visible
Map Rec property may not be what the
map view uses because it needs to choose
an optimal display for your device.
Once again,
you can animate the transitions
between different map recs.
And you can also supply edge paddings to
center content in the middle of your map.
And this is useful for preventing
things on the edge of the
map from getting clicked.
So now we know how to get a map view
into our application and how to get it
to look at different areas of the world.
But you should also be aware that
users can interact with their map
view and explore for themselves.
And your application is going
to want to react to those region
changes by user interaction.
And the way that you'll do this
is using your delegate object,
mkmapview_delegate.
So right before the user
starts panning around,
you'll get a region will
change animated callback.
And then the user will pan around,
and at the end, you'll get a region did
change animated callback.
And at this point,
you can use the region property
or the visible map property
to detect what region of the
world the user is looking at.
And your application
can react accordingly,
perhaps by loading content
specific to that region.
So now we know how to get a
map view in our application,
and we can let the user explore
different parts of the world.
So let's try taking things
and putting them on the map.
And to do that, we'll use annotations.
So what is an annotation?
An annotation describes a
specific location in the world.
So here we have an annotation
for the Moscone West Center.
And how does Map Kit represent
an annotation?
In Map Kit, an annotation consists
of a model and a view.
The model is described by
the MK annotation protocol,
and your model objects will
need to conform to this
by providing a coordinate.
And this will tell the map view where
to put your annotation in the world.
You can also provide a view for your
annotation to tell the map view what
your annotation should look like.
And this will be done
using MK annotation view.
This is a UIView subclass.
You can create your own
custom annotation views,
or you can use some of the built-in
annotation views in Map Kit,
such as the pin annotation view.
So now we know what an annotation
is and how MapKit represents them.
So let's look at the flow for how
annotations are added to the map.
It begins with your application
creating a model object.
Here we have a coordinate.
And then this is added to the map.
And at this point,
the MapView will request a
view for this annotation.
And this will be done using
the viewForAnnotation method.
If you do not implement this
method or do not provide an
annotation view for this annotation,
then a default pin view
will be created for you.
Otherwise,
you can create your annotation view
here and return that to the map.
Then the map view will take
your annotation and position
it in the world space.
And once it's added to the map,
your delegate object will get a
"Did add annotation views" callback.
And at this point,
you're free to animate your
annotations into place.
For example, the pin drop animation.
So now we understand the flow of how
annotations are added to the map.
And we've seen an example of how
to animate annotations into place.
But let's look at another example
of how to animate annotations
into place along with some code.
So here we have an implementation of our
data at annotation views delegate method.
And in it,
we're going to take all of our annotation
views and take their target frame and
animate from a single point at the
base of the frame into the full frame.
And in the end we'll get
something that looks like this.
So our green cone grows into the map.
And now that we have our
annotations on the map,
users are going to be curious about them,
and they're going to want to interact
with them and find out more about them.
And that's where
selection comes into play.
So when a user taps on an annotation,
your delegate will get a "did
select annotation" view callback.
And when they tap away to
look at something else,
you'll get a "Did Deselect
Annotation View" callback.
And if your application wants to draw
attention to a particular annotation
without the user interaction,
then you can use the select
annotation and deselect annotation
methods on the map view.
And now that the user has
selected an annotation,
they're going to want to find
out more about that annotation.
And one of the best ways to do
this is by showing a callout.
So Map Kit provides support
for default callouts.
And the way that you can access this
is by setting the can show callout
property on your annotation view,
at which point your model object
will need to provide a title.
And once you do,
you'll be able to show a callout like so,
Moscone West.
You can also optionally
provide a subtitle.
And that will pop in right underneath.
Attending WWDC.
And you can also add callout accessories.
For example,
here we have a details disclosure button.
So I've just described some
of the default selection
behavior that you can opt into,
but you can also implement
your own custom selection UI.
And you can do this by
subclassing empty annotation
view and overriding setSelected,
or by taking the delegate methods
didSelectAnnotationView and
didDeselectAnnotationView and kicking
off your animations from there.
And here we have an example where
when I select this green cone,
it grows.
But selection is only one
of the ways that users can
interact with your annotations.
There's also support
for Jaguar annotations,
which we added in iOS 4.
And the way that you can support
draggable annotations is by
setting the draggable property
on your annotation view,
at which point your model object will
need to implement set coordinates so
they can change locations on the map.
And once you do so,
here we have a purple pin,
and the user can pick it up
and move it across the map.
And you can also provide your own
custom animations for dragging.
And the way that you can do this
is by subclassing mkAnnotationView
and overriding setDragState.
And here we have an example where
we have our green cone again,
and when I pick it up, it'll grow,
and when I drop it, it'll shrink back.
So I've just shown you a number of ways
that you can personalize annotations
in your application and animate them.
But there are a couple of ways
that you can animate annotations
that I want to call to attention.
So Map Kit uses key value observation
on your annotations to detect
changes to certain properties.
So if your model object, for example,
has a key value observable
coordinate and you change this
coordinate in an animation block,
then the map view will be able
to slide your pin across the map.
You can also animate changes
to title and subtitle.
And you can also animate
changes to call out accessories.
To learn more about
key value observation,
you can look at the documentation online.
And I should also mention that
if you use the synthesized
syntax on your properties,
you can get KVO by default.
So now we know how to get annotations
in our application and how to
customize and personalize them.
And we'd like to showcase
some of the things that you've
seen so far with a demo.
And for this demo, I'd like to call up
Matt Jarjoura to the stage.
Okay,
I just want to let everyone know that
you can go ahead and download the sample
that I'm going to walk you through today.
It should be available right now.
And I'm going to be walking you through
a sample of how to take annotations,
or take a collection of photos that
have GPS data in them and place
them on the map at the coordinates
that the photos were taken.
So the first thing you want to do is
Load all the photos that you have.
And in this sample,
I just placed them inside
of the application bundle.
And I'm going to spin off a dispatch
queue here to load the photos.
And I'm doing this on a secondary
thread so that it doesn't stop the
map from being able to interact.
And to load the photos,
it's pretty simple.
You simply load the photo and then I can
ask for the latitude and longitude and
store this in a CL location coordinate.
and then place this into
a photo annotation object.
Now just like Stephan showed you,
a photo annotation object
is a simple NS object.
Uh, that we just follow the
MCAnnotation protocol.
And then here's a coordinate.
So then,
now I build up my array of photos,
and I simply, after I'm done,
I place those into the map view,
add annotations.
So when I run my application,
I now have annotations
on here with the photo.
And I did set the title of the callout
to the actual file name of the image.
As you can see here.
But it's not very interesting,
and I think we can do
some more things here.
So I want to go ahead and add the
ability to view the photo that
this annotation is referencing.
And I'm just going to need
to implement some delegates.
The first of them is view for annotation.
Now what I want to have in my application
is a way to bring the call out up
and tap on the accessory button.
And here to do that,
I'm going to use our standard
MKPin annotation view.
Now this is actually in Map Kit,
so you can use this.
It's what we saw earlier.
But you'll notice here I had to
explicitly say can show call out.
If you want to use a view
for annotation and actually
implement the annotation yourself,
you're going to have to
specify can show call out.
We do it by -- we do it for
you if you don't specify it,
but you're going to need to in this case.
And then simple enough,
we're going to use a standard
UI button with type UI button
type detailed disclosure.
And then we're going to set
our right callout accessory
view to that disclosure button.
And then, now, I want to,
whenever the user taps
on that accessory button,
I want to bring up this
Photos View Controller.
This is in the sample application.
I'm not going to go over that today.
It's sort of outside the scope
of this example and for time,
too.
But it will bring up a new controller
to show you the actual photo.
I'm going to go ahead and run this again.
And now when I tap on
any of these annotations,
I have my new accessory here.
I can tap on it and actually see
the photo that it's referencing.
So now let's give a little bit
more of a real world example.
Close this out of the way.
To do that, I'm going to change my photos
loading here to large photo sets.
Run it again.
And now we have hundreds of photos.
So this is the simulator,
so you're not going to necessarily
see the performance degradation here,
but if you did run it on a device,
you would notice a lot of
frames dropping in this case.
Each one of these is a UI view.
But also, aside from performance, too,
this is no longer usable.
It's almost impossible for your
user to try to get at the pen
that they're talking about.
So if you're familiar
with the Photos app today,
what they do is clustering.
They take all of the annotations and
they split them up into a grid and say,
OK, what is a size that we think also
helps performance and also helps
your user be able to locate the
annotation that they want to?
So I'm going to show you how you can
do that now with your application.
Sorry.
So I've created this
update visible annotations.
And this gets called any time
I move the region changed on the
map or when I add annotations to it.
So what I want to do is set up a
grid and figure out the perfect
space that I can basically narrow
or cluster my annotations down to.
Sorry.
So here,
I'm going to use about 60 by 60 pixels,
and then
I'm going to go through each of the grid
squares and pull out my annotations and
then coalesce them into one annotation.
So in order to do this,
in a real-world case,
you probably want to set up a
quadtri so that you can take the
annotations and put them into that
and then pull them out from there.
But I think in a simple
example like today,
and if your application
is relatively simple,
I'm going to show you a
little trick that you can use.
And that's to place all of
the on-screen annotations
into this off-screen map view.
So here we have add annotations.
I'm going to use this
all annotations map view,
which when I create it and viewDidLoad,
You'll notice here that
it's of a rec size zero,
so it shouldn't, and we're not going to
actually put it on screen,
so it shouldn't have any impact
with your view hierarchy.
So that way now,
we're going to add all of our
annotations to this off-screen one,
and we can ask a new
API that was added in 4.2,
annotations in MapRect.
So now I can get all the
annotations in my grid MapRect
in this off-screen map view,
and then I'm going to call
this method annotationInGrid,
which I'm going to show you right here.
And what I'm going to do is handing
all the annotations that I have on
screen already on my on-screen map view,
and if I do have an
annotation in that grid,
I'm going to return that.
If I don't, then I'm going to go to this
new off-screen map view,
and I'm going to find the
center-most annotation that I have.
And then I'm going to return that one.
And then once I have that,
I'm going to go ahead and
add that to my map view,
my on-screen map view here, you can see.
And then if my on-screen map
view had any other annotation
that was in that grid space,
I'm going to go ahead and remove it.
So now let me go ahead and
show you the application.
And in my Photos View Controller,
I added the ability to
show multiple photos.
So then if I zoom out,
you'll see they go away.
Or if I zoom in, it updates and adds the
new ones on the screen.
Okay, so if you've used the Photos app,
you'll also notice that
they do a nice animation,
and that's to give it a
little bit more polish,
I think,
and to not be so visually jarring
for your users so they can understand
what they're looking at when they
zoom at different levels here.
So I'm going to add
some simple animation.
First one is I'm going to use
another map view delegate.
Here, so it's going to say if this,
if this annotation at the current
level or the previous level had,
was in a cluster,
Then I'm going to take its clustered
annotation location and animate it
to its new location with a simple
UI view animate with duration.
And then back up here where
I'm removing the annotation,
the same thing.
If I go up a level,
then I'm going to do the same thing.
If it's going to move into
a clustered annotation,
I'm going to remove it from its old
location and animate it to its new
location with a UIView annotation.
This mouse is not working.
So now when I zoom out, they animate out.
[Transcript missing]
So we've just seen that we can show
a lot of information on the map.
And sometimes it helps to provide
context to what the user is looking at.
And one of the nice ways you can do this
is by showing user location on the map.
So how do you get user
location on your map?
It's very simple.
There is a shows user location
property on the map view.
And once you set this,
this will require location
services authorization.
So a location services alert will pop up
to ask the user whether this application
is allowed to use their current location.
And if they accept,
then we'll be able to show
the user location on the map,
and your delegate will get a "did
update user location" callback.
And if for some reason they were to deny
access to their current location or we
were unable to get a quick location fix,
then you'll get a "did fail to
locate user with error" callback.
So it's really easy to add
user location to your map.
But there are a couple other things
you should know about user location.
For instance,
user location is an annotation,
and you can access it using
the user location property.
And you can actually provide your
own custom annotation views for it.
And if the user pans away
to look at something else,
you can use the read-only user location
visible property to detect whether
the user's location is on screen.
Now, in the past,
we've seen that it sometimes takes a
lot of boilerplate work to keep the
user's location on screen and keep
information relevant to where they are.
So in iOS 5,
we've added support for tracking modes.
So how do you get tracking modes
working in your application?
Once again, it's very easy.
There is a user tracking mode
property on the map view.
This requires the same location services
authorization that user location does.
So an alert will pop up to ask
the user whether this application
can use their current location.
And we've also added the tracking
bar button item that you've
seen in the Maps application.
And this is useful for showing the
user which tracking mode they're in,
as well as letting them transition
to different tracking modes.
So if the user permits use
of their current location,
then you'll be able to
enter tracking mode.
and follow their location.
So here we're smoothly transitioning,
following along 280 going north.
And we also support tracking, location,
and heading.
And this is a nice way to provide
perspective to what the user is looking
at and to show user-centric data.
But up until now,
we've been talking about how to
describe single points on the map.
But not everything can be
described by single points.
And that's why Map Kit provides
support for overlays.
So what is an overlay?
It's spatial data that you can
put on top of the base map.
And how does Map Kit represent overlays?
Similar to annotations,
it consists of a model and a view.
The model is described by
the MK overlay protocol,
and your model objects will need to
conform to this by providing a bounding
map rect and a center coordinate.
And this center coordinate is useful
if you want to annotate your overlay.
And the reason that this center
coordinate is not derived
from the bounding map rect
is best illustrated by example.
So here we have a triangle
overlaid on top of California,
and we have a pin representing the
center of the bounding map rect,
and it's along one of the
edges of the triangle.
Whereas the true center of our
triangle is actually offset from
that center of the bounding map rect.
And that's why we let you specify
the center coordinate independent
of the bounding map rect.
You'll also need to provide
a view for your overlay.
Unlike annotations,
you are required to provide
a view for your overlay.
And you'll do this using mkOverlayView.
And the important method that you'll
need to implement is draw map rect,
zoom scale, and context.
And this will tell the map view
how to draw your overlay in
certain regions of the world.
Now, Map Kit also provides support for
a number of built-in overlays.
There is MK Circle.
MKPolyline and MKPolygon.
And each of these overlays has
a corresponding overlay view.
So let's look at some code for
how to add these to the map.
So here we have our viewDidLoad method.
And in it, we're going to take a center
coordinate and then create an
MK circle with a radius of 200
meters around that center coordinate.
And then we'll add this to the map.
And at that point,
the map view is going to
request a view for this overlay.
And this will be done using the
viewForOverlay delegate method.
And as I mentioned before,
you're required to provide
a view for your overlay.
So we're going to create
an MK Circle view.
We'll set a stroke and a fill color.
And then we'll return this to the map.
And in the end,
we'll get something that looks like this.
So it's a circle around the
center coordinate we specified
with the radius we specified.
There's a detailed talk from
last year which covers overlays
in more comprehensive detail.
If you'd like to learn
more about overlays,
I'd encourage you to download
those videos from iTunes U and
the Apple Developer Connection.
But now I'd like to talk about
the geocoding changes in iOS 5.
So first of all, what is geocoding?
Well,
there's actually two types of geocoding.
There is forward geocoding
and reverse geocoding.
So what's forward geocoding?
Forward Geocoding takes an address
and then turns that into a coordinate.
And an example of that would be
when you go to address book and
you tap on an address and it
shows you that address on the map.
That's an example of a forward geocode.
So what's reverse geocoding?
Well, it's just the opposite.
You take a coordinate and you
turn that into an address.
And an example of that would be when
you drop a pin and it shows you the
address information for that location.
Map Kit has provided support for
reverse geocoding through the
MK Reverse Geocoder class since iOS 3.
and developers have been asking for
forward geocoding for some time.
We've listened to these requests
and we've decided to act on it.
And we're pleased to
tell you that in iOS 5,
MK Reverse Geocoder is deprecated.
But that's OK, because in iOS 5,
there's a new geocoding API.
And it's in core location.
And it's called CLGeocoder.
And it provides support for both
forward and reverse geocoding.
So how do we use this new geocoding API?
Well, for forward geocoding,
there's two methods.
There is geocodeAddressString
and geocodeAddressDictionary.
And for reverse geocoding,
there is reverseGeocodeLocation.
Each one of these methods
takes a completion handler.
What is a completion handler?
Well, a completion handler is simply a
block to tell the geocoder what
to do once the geocode completes.
So on success,
you'll get an array of CL placemarks,
and these placemarks will be sorted
with the most confident results
at the beginning of the array.
And if the geocode should fail,
then you'll get an NSError back.
So I just mentioned that you'll
get an array of CL placemarks back.
So what do those look like?
A CL placemark has a location as well
as a number of address properties
that describe that location.
Now, some of you have been using the
MapKit API in the past will remember that
there was an MK PlaySmart class which
represented reverse geocode responses.
So what happens to that?
Well, in iOS 5, MKPlacemark is now a
subclass of CLPlacemark.
That means it supports all
of the existing properties,
as well as the new ones on CLPlacemark.
You can also create
MK placemarks from CL placemarks,
and you can do that using
the initWithPlasemark method.
MK placemarks are annotations,
so you can add them to the map.
And you can also still use the dictionary
representation with address book.
So now we know more about
the new geocoding API,
so let's look at some
code for how to use it,
starting with reverse geocoding.
So it's very simple.
We create a location object
using a latitude and longitude.
We then allocated Geocoder,
and then we reversed Geocode
the location we created.
And then we provide a completion handler,
which will inspect the
placemarks that we get back.
And it will take the most confident
placemark at the beginning of the array.
And then it'll create an MK placemark
from that and then add that to the map.
So it's very simple to use
the new reverse geocoding API.
Now what about forward geocoding?
CL Geocoder also supports that.
And as I mentioned before,
it supports geocoding address
strings and address dictionaries.
So let's start with an example of how
to forward geocode address strings.
So first we create our address string,
one infinite loop, Cupertino, CA.
And then we allocate our geocoder.
And then once again,
we geocode the address string
and provide a completion handler,
which will take the most
confident placemark,
create an MK placemark from it,
and then add that to the map.
So once again, it's very easy to use.
Now what about address dictionaries?
Well, it's very similar.
We allocate an address dictionary,
which is a more structured
definition of an address.
So here we have one infinite
loop for the street,
Cupertino for the city,
and the abbreviation for
California for the state.
And then we allocate our geocoder,
we geocode the address dictionary,
and once again we provide a completion
handler which takes the most confident
result and creates an mkplace
mark and adds that to the map.
So again, very easy.
And one of the reasons you may want
to use an address dictionary for
your forward geocodes is that this
more structured definition of an
address allows the server to make
more assumptions about the data and
may return more accurate results.
So now that you know how to
use the new CL Geocoder API,
let's revisit the application we
created earlier and add geocoding to it.
And I'd like to call Matt Jarjoura
back up to the stage for this demo.
Okay, so we're going to go this time
back to our photo annotation.
And because we have our
coordinate coming in already,
stored in this annotation,
I'm going to use that coordinate to
reverse geocode its actual location.
To do that,
I'm going to pass the coordinate
into a CL location object,
and then I'm going to
create a new CL geocoder,
and then pass that location
into reverse geocode location.
Then once I have the location,
I'm going to get a string,
just a simple helper method here.
And all this helper method does
is take the city and state and
places them together with a comma.
And then set the subtitle of my current
callout to that updated location.
There's only one other
piece to make this work.
I need to implement another delegate.
did select annotation view so that
when I tap on the annotation callout,
it will begin the reverse
geocoding process.
So now when I run the application,
when I tap on a callout,
You should see how it sets the
subtitle here of the callout.
I also added this into the
photo viewer as well so that
it reverse geocodes the photo.
There you go.
Thank you.
Thank you, Matt.
So you see,
it's really easy to get started
using the new geocoding API.
And now I've talked about all the
topics I wanted to talk about today.
So let's summarize what we've covered.
Map Kit lets you show rich annotated maps
with powerful contextual information.
You can use the new tracking modes in iOS
5 to give perspective to what the user
is looking at and show user-centric data.
You can use overlays to put your
own spatial data on top of the map.
and you should adopt the new
geocoding APIs in iOS 5 to
get a better user experience.
There are a couple other sessions
you may be interested in.
There is the What's New in
Core Location session,
which took place yesterday.
You'll be able to download
videos of that later on.
There is the Testing Your Locationware
Application Without Leaving Your Chair
session,
which takes place on Friday.
If you have any other questions,
please contact Bill Dudney,
our Application Frameworks Evangelist.
You can also consult the Map Kit and
Core Location Framework documentation.
And if you have any other questions,
you can ask them on the
Apple Developer Forums.
That concludes the presentation.
Thank you for your time.